[Music]
hey check it out - detective riddles
that will reveal if you're a psychopath
or whip-smart
Wow nothing in between okay to solve
these unusual riddles you'll need both
logical deduction and a non-standard
approach
are you crazy smart or just flat-out
crazy huh let's find out the case of the
broken vase or vase or however you want
to say it one day mrs. Smith hears a
loud crash of broken glass in the living
room she runs into the room and sees
that her favorite vase is a shattered
pile on the floor among the broken
pieces she spots a soccer ball she asks
her son's Peter Paul and Patrick what
happened each of the boys provides his
own version of the accident Peter says
that Paul didn't kick the ball and he
sure that Patrick did Paul insists that
Patrick is innocent he also mentioned
that he hasn't done his homework yet
Patrick squares that Paul was the one
who broke the vase and he knows that for
sure because Peter definitely wasn't
playing soccer in the house well at this
point mama Smith is really mad at her
sons and tells them she knew they would
blame each other facts are facts
one boy has lied in both of his
statements and two boys have told the
truth and theirs so how can mrs. Smith
figure out who broke the vase torture
might work but we're all civilized here
so that's off the table anyway put on
your thinking cap you have 20 seconds to
find the guilty party if that's not
enough time for you pause the video for
as long as you need
[Music]
have you figured out who is about to be
grounded for life if so press the like
button and if you want to check yourself
here's the answer
let's first zero in on the fact that
only one of Paul's statements the one
where he says that Patrick didn't do it
has anything to do with the accident
mentioning that he hasn't done his
homework is kind of out of the blue and
adds nothing to the situation also take
note that Peters first phrase
contradicts Patrick's and vice-versa
this means that both of them weren't
telling the truth Peter and Paul can't
both be telling the truth since Paul
words go against Patrick's second
statement that's why Patrick and Paul
can't belie which means that Peter has
lied in both his statements
so obviously the boy who broke the vase
was drumroll please oh you bad boy did
you get this one right if yes great job
and if not don't sweat it we have
another one for you in this next one you
won't have to guess who the criminal is
will tell you right from the get-go your
task will be to understand the murderers
motives they say that only people with
an unusual mind can solve this riddle do
you dare try it the case of the murdered
friend two friends happened to witness a
murder that's been committed in a
department store not far from their home
mary is 27 and single she works in a
barber shop Stacey is 30 she's a
librarian also single she lives alone
with her cat the victim is a man named
Nick he was 35 he was a regular at the
barbershop where Mary worked as well as
Stacey's library another key participant
in this mystery is the police officer
who has come to investigate the crime
scene and find the murderer just a guy
doing his job so what's going on Mary is
devastated by Nick's death she's crying
and sobbing on the policeman's shoulder
Stacey
despite the morbid situation is
cloud9 because she's in love she doesn't
even glance at the dead body still lying
on the floor of the men's clothing
department yet there's one thing casting
a gloomy shadow over her lovestruck joy
she doesn't have the phone number of the
young man who's captured her heart the
next day
Stacy kills Mary which begs the question
why take your time there's no need to
rush really think about your answer so
what are your conclusions detective
let's see if you're right
Stacy kills Mary because she's fallen in
love with the police officer
investigating the scene in her twisted
fantasies she's decided that he'll
definitely come back if there's another
murder Wow
shocking isn't it only those who are
able to put themselves in the criminal
shoes can solve this mystery and those
people typically have a rich imagination
or psychopathic tendencies hmm so which
group are you in did your sharp mine and
vivid imagination help you crack these
riddles let us know in the comments
below share this video with your friends
to check their wit too and if they seem
psychopathic then kind of back off
remember to hit the like button and
subscribe to our Channel there are so
many more riddles detective mysteries
and other fun and curious videos on the
bright side of life
you